.TH XMPMANAGER "1" "23 April 2009"

.SH NAME
xmp manager \- is a tool to manage your digital photographs in GNU/Linux.
Here a copy from digiwf

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdigiwf\fR [\fB\-\-debug|\-d\fR] <\fBfilename\fR> [\fBfilename\fR] [\fB...\fR]
.TP
\fBdigiwf\fR [\fB\-\-debug|\-d\fR] \-\-workflow|\-w <\fBdirectory\fR>

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdigiwf\fR runs in two modes: either it is run in GUI mode, or it is run in workflow mode.
.TP
GUI mode is used to edit the XMP metadata of your digital photographs.  \fBdigiwf\fR is integrated with Nautilus Actions so you right-click on a photos (or a selection of multiple photos) to "Edit metadata..."
.TP
Workflow mode moves untagged photos into an 'unsorted' repository and tagged photos into a 'sorted' repository.  In addition to sorting photos in a directory structure based on the date they were taken, tagged photos will also be renamed to their XMP-dc:Title field. Via the Nautilus Actions integration, you can right click on a directory to "File images".
.TP

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for \fBdigiwf\fR:
.TP
.B \-\-debug|\-d
Activates debug output
.TP
.B \-\-workflow|\-w <\fBdirectory\fR>
Activates workflow mode and moves the files contained in <\fBdirectory\fR> to a central repository.  All the files in subdirectories will be processed as well.

.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
digiwf a_photo.jpg
Starts the GUI allowing you to edit the XMP Metadata tags in a_photo.jpg
.TP
digiwf -w /media/my_usb_key/DCIM
Starts the workflow and moves all your photos off your USB key into your central photo repository.

.SH AUTHOR
\fBdigiwf\fR was originally written by Luigi Maselli <riccio@inmail.sk>, and this manual page by Stefaan Vanderheyden <mrsvan@hotmail.com>.

Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 2 or later.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR exiftool(1p),
.BR nautilus-actions(1)
